2018Apr09 IWP5.2 Planning Agenda

1. Any students enrolled in Summer Physics?
	5 students rising Seniors, who want to go onto AP Physics
	The admissions process is ongoing to find rising Juniors, end of April ETA.  Open it up April 26th.
	So far so good /w Webassign
	Brent Kitchen, Alum - C/o 2008, now here as instructor.
	Setting up webassign, and running communication w/ students.
	For the first year, see how we've set it up before, see how it goes, learn the system.
	Not yet any need for animation or content changes, just see how it goes.
	Loop Brent into the planning exercise next fall, 2018.

2. Create the next Wishlist of features for next Academic year / Programmer guides

	Jason Cockrill wrote the IWP user guide. Worth re-reviewing, like a guide for the users.
	* Jon, send the email. 
	Steps the user thru the designer on how to create a simple problem step by step.
	Has screenshots, etc.

	* Jon, Identify a student (or two?) who could carry the torch.

	i> Taylor will be on Campus April 27.
	Matt could begin the software getting started guide, envrionment.


	i> Long term for next year - Webassign = When a teacher wants to use webassign, and want to use problems from a textbook, the publisher has tot give a license to webassign to use te problems from that book. Publisher has revoked the license effective June 1.  Snuck in by 1 day.  What are we going to do next year?

	There are many other non-animated problems, will need to rewrite some of these problems.
	is this a good opportunity for new animations or existing animations to associate them?
	Will need a solution.

	2nd student, curating the new content.  Would the content be re-usable for other institutions?  If we were to develop this new course, what license would we release it under? Desire is to keep the MIT license in place.

2.2 > Awareness Campaign
	
	Meeting every summer, Summer 2019.
	Taylor's notion of 'small touches'.  First piece: the Summer Physics program and how we're using IWP5 to make that successful this summer.  There's a fall meeting of NC section of educators, in October, a place to start forming the message with existing content.  Also a Spring meeting.


3. Developer getting started guide would be all about getting the local Windows development environment setup. (Could write Windows guide).


4. Progress on the Bitmap Fix (Matt)



5. Master Site Re-setup (Taylor)



Matt Mimms>


Dr. Bennett> 
Talk to students about project





