2018Aug30 IWP Kick Off

Agenda

- Goals and Objectives for the Year
	May meeting, Matt Mimms was working w/ us last year.  Biggest accomplishment was converting a large number of animations from IWP4 which requires java to IWP5 whcih is html5.

	Coursework migrated, as well as summer physics webassign to take AP physics, based IWP animations.

	Theme 1 -- Animation Review + Fixing 

	Teaching new course, uses other anuimations which do not yet exist in iwp5 ( do exist in older version ) or tried a few and exist, but have bugs in iwp5. 

		i> We are going to run the summer physics course next summer.  Want to be sure they work when we need them, Mar, Apr, May. 

	Theme 2 -- Moving the design to HTML5 to match the animator.

	Today, we have to still use the iwp4 desktop edition. 

	Theme 3 -- Webassign announcement from april 2018, no longer supporting the textbook in use.As of now, still online. may not be a concern.

	Theme 4 -- Outreach, Getting more people aware of this project. Conferences? 
	Would agree that the designer is a crtiical component, want to get 50% thru dev. 
	Target meeting of NC APT. March / Apr.
		Short demos, end user HOWTO's document, simple thoughout examples.

Albert> Increase familiarity, and code structure.  Happy to work on anything!  Animator interesting, and helping w/ summer courses and new classes.

Niall> Want to see how code is creating animations. How they're served to a web page. Able to work on anything!

Will> Work on anything!


- Development Environments
	MacOS, Linux Ubuntu.
	Is windows in scope for devs!?  NO

	Stable
	Master

https://www.iwphys.org/master/

	Taylor will do deployments to master.  
	ssh'ing out to the production server, and doing a pull.

? Any setup for getting local envs ready


- Trello Access
	Make some Cards

	Control + Command + Shift + 4     "CLAW"

	Draw a box, copy the screenshot in clipboard.

- Schedule Recurring Development Team Meeting

	Are Thursdays @ 4:30 Good?   Not great for Will

	Fridays open for everybody.  start at 4:30PM.

	Beware of some extendeds.

	Not everybody for every session.


	Propose September 7 4:30PM Code Walkthru for devs.



- End of Session:

	+ Code Walkthrough - 

	+ List of Animations to have fixed have 1 or two to look at in real time today.

	+ Nominate someone to do master deployments on iwphys.org!



