IWP6 From Dr. Bennett


1)  Some of the animation descriptions are very wordy. At some point we can go through and edit them to try to make them shorter. For now, though, a simple fix might be to only display the first sentence or two of each animation description, with ellipses (...) at the end and a "Read More" button that a user can click in order to read the full description. I don't know how hard it would be to implement these things but I think it would improve the user experience. 


2) At the top of each collection of animations is a link to go "Back to Parent Collection iwp-Packaged." To me it would make more sense to take the user back to the homepage. The iwp-packaged page seems redundant and has a different look than the homepage. I think we should work towards retiring the iwp-packaged page.


3) I would like to find a way to hide some directories that you can get to if you go to the iwp-packaged page (a page called "Browsing Top Collections" allows you to browse directories like "ftemo", "popular" and "winters-ncssm-2009.") Some of those directories may be obsolete now, or are only used by specific NCSSM users. If we are preparing the IWP site for public use, we should find a way to keep private directories separate (and invisible) from the public stuff. I'm not sure how to do that. Maybe we can discuss this topic at a future group meeting. 



4) The total number of animations given at the top of each collection is generally incorrect. For example, the Forces collection says that there are 14 animations. I counted about 30 animations on that page. This issue may be related to another issue: within each collection, a given animation often appears multiple times. For example in Forces I found 3 different instances of hookeslaw03.iwp.


1) When I am in WebAssign and click on the link to open an animation, I get an error page. Below is an example. A similar error page happened for every animation I tried.  




https://www.iwphys.org/5/animate.php/winters-ncssm-20019/nsl-00.iwp




2) I noticed some animations that aren't working in the "Summer Physics" directory that we use for the AP-C prep course, and have created new Trello cards for the problems I saw (I put them under "Animation Code Issues from Manual Testing."). I did not test every single animation, but included examples of the various types of problems I found in each Trello card. I also created Trello cards for some Geometric Optics and Physical Optics animations that had similar problems (but aren't used for the prep course so are not time-sensitive).


